h1. Discord Nest Bot Stuff

h2. Functions

h3. @report@

Something like @report@ could work with the obligatory prefix of @!@, @.@, or
@$@.  @?@ or @>@ could even work, I think.  However, it'd be nice if there were
some rudimentary grammar processing to access posts like "Snorlax at Schiller"
or "Highbanks is Dratini" would be useful.  Posts that are random chatter
should be politely ignored.

The DB server function would be something like @report(name, species, park)@.
It would return a 4-part response consisting of the following:

1. Errors? (boolean)
2. Parks/Species (list)
3. Species/Parks (list)
4. Error text/code (string, probably)

A successful nest report will have @False@ and @None@ as the 1^st^ & 4^th^
parts of the response and the length of items 2 & 3 will be 1.

Once the nest has been successfully reported, add a duck emoji to the post.

h4. Dealing with complications

These complications will also arise for the other functions.

h5. Multiple matches

If the report matches multiple nests or species (using a case-insensitive
substring query), present the user with one of those fancy auto-deleting posts
with the 0-9 emojis as reactions.  

* 1–9 will be for a position in a list of matching options for the user to pick.
* 0 will be a "none of the above" option that cancels that report
* If there are more than 9 matches, give some "too many matches, please be more specific" error

h5. No matches

Give a "please check spelling" error.  If it's for a park, direct user to tell
admins if they're sure the name is spelled correctly (either to suggest a new
park for the DB or add an alt name to existing park).

h5. Conflicting report

Add the duck react and also message that this is a conflict and a second user
will have to confirm before it updates the list.

h4. NLP?

It may be a good idea of strip the final @s@ off the species string in case
the user pluralized their report.

h5. Words to split

Some trigger words for determining if a give line contains a report or not.

* species +at+ park
* species +@+ park
* park +has+ species
* park +=+ species 
* park +is+ species

h3. @parkinfo <park name>@

Command to display information about the park.

* Name (& short name)
* Address
* Alternate names
* Current nest
* Other info, if available

h3. @find <species or type>@

Finds all locations that currently host the specified species or type.
Optionally, give the user a choice if they want to view the park info
(via the number emoji reactions) if there are fewer than 10 results.

h3. @speciesinfo@

This one is probably already covered by another bot with a better-maintained
species stats database.  Nice to have but strictly optional.

h2. Questions

h3. Where to divide responsibility between the Discord bot and the DB server?

For example, when dealing with multiple options for order of parameters in user
input, should the Discord bot retry the other order after the server gives an
error or should the server have a function like @report_nest_unspecified_order@
that tries both options (or even does the NLP) in the DB server?

Additionally, should the bot have the major city ID stored in its config files
to send to the server in every request or should the server have the bot's
major city stored and the major city in the request is implicit by the bot
making the request?  I strongly lean toward option 2 here.

h3. Order of parameters

Specifically for the @report@ function.

h3. @whereis@

Should this command be an alias of @parkinfo@ or @find@?
Should there also be a @whereare@ command?  If so, should they be different?
