h1. PoGo Nest Lister

h5. A system for tracking PoGo nest migrations for your city's parks

h3. "Link to the list's outupt":https://pokemongo.toouter.space/city/1

h2. Usage

All commands should be run from the parent directory (@pokedb@ Django root) as @nestlist/<module>.py@ 

h3. rotate.py

Prepares your database for the next nest migration.

Syntax is @nestlist/rotate.py -d <date>@.  Will prompt you for a date if you do
not specify one at the command line.

h3. nest_entry.py

The main loop for manual entry of new nest reports in God mode.

Can retroactively update old nest reports with the @-d@ CLI param.

h3. update.py

Output for Discord or Facebook.
More formats can be requested if you make a polite pull request with them.
Use the @-f@ parameter to specify which formatting regimen to use.

*This is no longer actively supported now that the web interface exists*

h3. importairtable.py

Imports from AirTable bases.  Expected format of the @summary@ field is 
@#420 Cherubi at 69. Fint Park by Somepony at 2020-04-20T04:20:14@ so the 
import process can extract the park ID and pokédex number without making
additional requests to AirTable.
The only _important_ part of this field is @#420 Cherubi at 69.@ as the
rest of it is ignored because the information is available elsewhere.

This script is best used in a cronjob with your AirTable API key in an
environment variable. 

h2. Notes

h3. Dependencies

* @django@
* @sortedcontainers@
* @click@
* @python-dateutil@
* @airtable-python-wrapper@ (for the AirTable importer)

(I believe these are all of them)

h3. To-Do

* "Discord API-like hooks":discord.textile 
* Prettier output
** Mouseover text with park addresses (if available)
